Hey did Thompson here today we're going to talk about IBM video
transcription on bluemix so
there's a need for transcription of video
libraries of professors talking in front of a class
of students ATA Americans
with disabilities lawsuits have been increasing so it's really a portent
to get front of this a lot of universities have
dozens or hundreds of thousands of hours of videos that need to be processed
it becomes very costly if you do it up
by head it's %HESITATION today's being done manually combinations
dragon perhaps incantation requires
trade workers it's really boring and tedious to pull those videos
together transcripts get misplaced the the
right transcript us get put out to the right video it's just a mess and
hard to keep track of the quality it'd keep track the progress
so it producing
Watson's speech to text no Watson speech to text
yelled about Watson it's that a guy that lives in the cloud
that would jeopardy a few years ago really smart
it takes speech input and produces text output
that supports a eight different languages today I
could support multiple speakers and put labels and for other speakers
to say of who they are it's a cloud based
Watson cognitive service IBM is famous for
its cognitive services it's the highest quality audio
transcription of the industry today very low cost
two cents a minute there's volume discounts go over the pricing
later a first one thousand but it's a free the
big questions are where is your audio and video come from do you have
libraries of video that he transcribed do
you have professors talking in front of classrooms full
of students or some combination of these things
to that how do you want to use that output to simply want to take the output
and move it to a you tube repository
%HESITATION do you want to make it available to students on subscriber's
smart app O. to take care of
it AT a in the classroom so the Zulu
big questions we solve all of those you know what we talk
about an API the cloud it's
a programmer to face you could build an application using
it today we could build it for you with your input
that we have something called the crush method where we build that application
exactly the way you want it IBM business partners
have prepackaged solutions to do all of this and they
want to get into universities today so
they're priced right to get it to the university market we also have
something called the Watson BT a lab but it's far more than most
universities need of it if you using
you to today you might want to think about using the IBM cloud
video service which is a streaming service a lot like YouTube
us the streaming storage it's designed to meet the needs
of businesses and hospitals universities pseudo code
solution %HESITATION closed captions provided
by watts's secede closed caption that we've just been talking about
the main thing is it secured it's hard it's industrialized your
content remains yours it if you don't know what that means
you should read the Google terms of service I rode
a you tube what we're gonna see today
does not rely on a cloud video although you could use it so
let's go and show you a couple demos so
thank you very much for coming Dave it's good to have you here it
is my pleasure Michael glad to be with you how real is
artificial intelligence the question of how real is artificial
intelligence is a complex one don I would
say %HESITATION give if we define
artificial intelligence is the ability of a machine
on itself to so the minister
operate there a couple interesting things you saw that it
had speaker labels for the speaker labels changed as
Watson was able to determine which voice was attached
to a witch sentences which utterances also
as Watson was progressing through each sentence he was using the context
of the sins to pick the correct words goes
through and find its words that a potential matches and that is it builds
out the contents selects the correct word for
this and so it's a very good transcriptions so this is the kind
of transcription that you would see coming out of what's is very typical
it's going to another sample and this is an example of
Emma Watson you know in the Watson from the Harry potter movies
so what we're seeing here is a little bit different
it's going to transcribe the audio but
it's also going to give us some key words %HESITATION and analyze
what's being spoken showed him to lend her voice to
this very important solidarity movement she's
a leading British actor and advocate for gender equality
in her own right she's been involved with the promotion of girls education
for several years that's part of her here and humanitarian
efforts she's visited Bangladesh Zambia
recently returned as we just heard from Uruguay on her
first mission with you when women ladies
and gentlemen please join me in welcoming to this stage are co host
and the UN women global goodwill ambassador Emma
Watson soon she's
a walking up to the stage and screen point out a couple things here Watson
is going in and picking out certain key words that it's detecting
in the text when she starts speaking you
excellencies UN secretary
general president of the General
Assembly executive director
of the UN women and distinguished guests
today we are launching a campaign post
up there you can see it's a very good transcription
%HESITATION it's she also speaks in a British accent so it's very important
to be able to take accents into account %HESITATION
and also were picking up these these key words you
might use those key words to to auto indexing of
a video library if people wanted to know abounds
can I find videos on gender equality these key
words could be used for that kind of search criteria thought
it could also be used to find specific points are
in a video so if you had a video
about cats it might say that the cat
was mentioned at three minutes and twenty one seconds and five
minutes and twenty seven seconds so gives you weighted index into
videos as well so those are two key aspects
of speech Texan will show you one more demo to
this is just something I wrote because %HESITATION away
to see how easy it was to use those API's
and write a little program around it says five steps of going
to import a video file a good verify that is
the correct video file wait for Watson to make the transcription
and that review the results and make any any corrections
so let's do this and I just go pick a short
video because it takes as long to transcribe the video %HESITATION
as it does to to play the video I'm pretty much so
this is the video that I selected you see we have a video of you were here
fit play it so robotic process automation imagine
your job that's me %HESITATION talked about robotic
process automation we gotta make some choices here we're gonna say which
languages it and we're going to pick you S. English we're
gonna pick the out put style so there's basically two %HESITATION
captioning outputs Giles VTT ed SRT
your streaming service will tell you to use water the other
utility use a single speakers in multiple speakers so
heavily this choices will submit the
what we're looking at here is just really Watson this is the guts
of how Watson is doing it %HESITATION we've converted the
audio of the video and audio and it
it's done just that quickly about fifteen seconds so now
we go back and play it so robotic process
automation imagine your job is to come in in the morning
so you can see that %HESITATION watts's actually added subtitles to
the video now the the subtitles it added
did not have upper case and lower
case so we're just gonna make Simba case
adjustments will add some punctuation adjustments just
to show you how that works of it so I'm just going
to submit those updates back
up this is part of how we treat things ed
note we play that's a video it will have a product process
automation imagine your job does updates so again
very easy to %HESITATION to edit and make changes so
those are the three basic ways to use Watson's speech to text
I hope it was informative and %HESITATION did tops